Loading metrics
	M1 - Initial Paint
		The browser's initial paint event.
		Some content above the fold is displayed for the first time, which may be limited to just headings and paragraphs.

	M2 - DOMContentLoaded
		No elements are being resized, moved or re-aligned anymore (by static CSS).

	M3 - Layout Settlement
		Content above the fold is changed for the last time.
		No elements are being resized, moved or re-aligned anymore (by any JavaScript handlers, or dynamically injected CSS).
		Images may be still loading, but occupy space in their defined slot that will not change anymore.
		No adverts or other lazy elements are pushing content.

	M4 - Scroll Settlement
		The browser has finished scrolling to the last position when a "back" or "refresh" button have been pressed, either because of HTML/CSS reflow or JavaScript scrollTo() calls.

	M5 - Above-the-fold Load (UX)
		All content above the fold is fully displayed, including images.

	M6 - Load
		The Browser "load" event
		All static content is fully loaded, including images below the fold.
		Lazily loaded images will not have been loaded at this stage.

	M7 - Network Settlement
		Browser loading spinner stops.
		All initial HTTP requests have been served.
		Network sockets may still be open but there are no pending connections.
		Exceptions:
			Long-poll requests and Websockets are allowed to stay open.
			Web analytics tracking requests may still be firing from time to time.
			Video streaming connections may still remain open, or new ones may open.
			Network requests fired from post-load events (e.g.: setTimeout, onclick) do not count here.


Early Interaction metrics
	M8 - Initial Scroll settlement
		Page can be first scrolled at 60fps.
		Beware that if the user scrolls very slowly, the reported refresh rate may be less than 60fps because less paints are actually required. That is not a performance bottleneck.

Late Interaction metrics
	M9 - Framerate delay caused by non-passive scroll event listeners

	M10 - Subsequent Scroll settlement
		Page can be scrolled at 60fps again, after interaction handling is completed.
			E.G.: user clicks a button that loads content which causes layout/paint.
			E.G.: user scrolls the page or resizes the window which causes layout/repaint, AD refresh.
		Beware that if the user scrolls very slowly, the reported refresh rate may be less than 60fps because less paints are actually required. That is not a performance bottleneck.


